a number of Palestinian Deton have been
released from the Israeli detention they
have been transferred to the Gaza Strip
throughout K Abu Salam Crossing border
as we have been talking to a number of
Deton they have been reporting about
really distressing and inhuman
conditions they have been going through
in their detention they have been
completely debed from having pure access
to food water and even they have been
all the time beaten by the Israeli
soldiers and have receiving different
signs of torture as you can clearly see
right now here on the elderly man that
had been arrested by the Israeli forces
in a nasar
hospital the Israeli soldiers stormed
Nasi Hospital in carun where I was
treated for a broken leg the Israelis
rounded up all patients and the injured
into one section the following day some
were transferred to mbarak hospital
while the rest of us me included were
detained and loaded onto trucks and
taken to another location we were strip
searched and tortured we were beaten all
the way the unknown location I was in
had more than 2,000 Palestinian civilian
detainees we were handcuffed and
blindfolded Around the Clock we were
subject to interrogation under torture
all forms of torture you can imagine
including use of frantic dogs we were
crammed into cells with no cover and
only one meal a day many of the
detainees died under torture many of the
detainees have chronic disease others
with severe injuries were treated
without Mercy the detainees are going
through hell enough is enough
they have been reporting about inhuman
violations that had been taken by the
Israeli military in the detention as
more number of Palestinian people and
even being detained in Israeli jails and
some of them have been taken to
undisclosed location till now tzum Al
jazer rafah Southern Gaza